Privacy Policy

Maybe My Studio (hereinafter referred to as the “Provider”) values the privacy of its users and hereby provides the following policy regarding the information collected when using the GreenGo app (hereinafter referred to as the “App”).

Article 1 (Items of personal information to be collected)
This App can be used without separate registration by the user and collects and stores information on the device only for the following items.

1. Location information: Used for the function of guiding the location of traffic signals around the user.
2. User-saved marker information: Used for in-app favorites and user settings.

This information is stored only in local storage on your device and is not transmitted to external servers.

Article 2 (How we collect personal information)
Real-time location information is collected on the device only if the user has allowed location permission after installing the app.

Article 3 (Purpose of use of personal information)
The collected information is used for the following purposes

- Providing traffic light information based on user location
- Provide the function of recalling saved markers

Article 4 (Storage and Destruction of Personal Information)
1. This app does not operate a separate server, and the collected information is stored only on the user's device.
2. When you delete the app, all stored information will be deleted along with it.

Article 5 (Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties)
This app does not provide any personal information to third parties and does not include any external transfer functions.

Article 6 (Use of External APIs and Services)
This App utilizes the following external APIs or data to provide services:

- Kakao Map API: Provides maps and location-based functions.
- Public Data Portal: Provides traffic signal information

The data usage policy of each service follows the policy of the respective organization.

Article 7 (User's Rights)
Since the App does not require login and account-based usage, we do not provide a separate function to view, correct, or delete personal information.

Article 8 (Advertising and Marketing)
The App does not contain advertisements and does not use personal information for any commercial marketing purposes.

Article 9 (Responsible person information and inquiries)
The GreenGo App is developed by Maybe My Studio, and inquiries can be directed to the following email address.

Email: [maybemyportfolio@gmail.com]  

Last Modified: April 30, 2025
Provided by: Maybe My Studio
